Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
When there's nothing
to hold onto,
hold onto your faith.
Margaret.
My love.
You're here now.
Isabella.
My brother is not the only one
with royal obligations.
Please have mercy on my son.
I had almost forgotten.
What?
How your eyes appear
by candlelight.
Your Grace,
I present Sir Gawain.
Give me all of it.
King Philip demands
you vacate the Holy See,
but the means
of your removal...
well,
he left that up to me.
Say it!
I yield!
Landry du Lauzon,
you have passed
the last initiate ritual.
It is my honor
to welcome you back
into the Order
of Solomon's Temple.
Well done, Brother.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Fall in!
How long does the cripple
require to ready my men?
To train an entire squadron
against the Templars?
Weeks.
But I assure you, my Lord,
you will not
be disappointed.
See that I'm not.
Move, filth!
By my honor, I will shed
your blood, cripple.
Who is he, father?
The key to my victory.
Alone, you will
not stand a chance
against the Templars.
But together in the name of our
King, we will destroy them!
Dear Heavenly Father,
I pray that tonight,
my body may conceive a healthy
baby in Your Holy image.
I've been waiting
for you.
I was...
Praying for a child?
Perhaps
we could pray together?
O Good St. Gerard,
beseech the Divine Author
of Life
to bless me
with offspring.
That I may raise up
children to God in this life
who will be heirs to his
Heavenly Kingdom in the next.
Amen.
No.
Not tonight.
Please, Louis,
talk to me.
The time for war approaches,
De Nogaret.
Tell Gawain
he has one week.
I will, Your Majesty.
If I may, until the hour
of attack arrives,
I recommend you advance
your legal campaign
against the Templars
by taking advantage
of the fiery rumor they are
murdering infants.
And by doing so, turn all
of France against them.
What makes you so certain
it's rumor and not truth?
Did a Templar
not murder my wife?
I shall hear
their claims.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
An innocent child
murdered.
What
an unimaginable tragedy.
Yes.
And if I might
further suggest,
I would open your audience
not only to the affected,
but for all to hear.
The public deserves
to know the truth
about their beloved
Templars.
And a fire needs wind
to spread.
Initiates, it's time.
Do you request the company
of the house?
Do you promise to be obedient
to the Master of the Temple?
To keep our traditions, to help
conquer the Holy Land?
And to never allow a Christian
to be deprived of his faith?
Yes, Sire, if it please God.
In the name of God and
of Saint Mary and of our Lord,
St. Peter of Rome and our
Father, Pope Boniface,
we welcome you to all the favors
and sufferings
of our brotherhood.
Rise.
Rhone, the merciful.
You are now one
of God's executioners.
May your mercy...
be your swift sword.
I believe
this is yours.
As well as this.
Welcome home.
Thank you,
Initiate Master.
You're a Templar now
and have earned the right
to call me Brother.
The Pope has been murdered.
What say the Heavens?
The Sun aligns
with Mars and Pluto.
Why isn't the gimp
training my men?
I dispatched Gawain
and a few men
to watch the roads
to Rome.
He caught renegades,
my Lord.
Loyal followers
of Pope Boniface
with intent to spread rumor
against you.
Templars?
Leper Knights
of St. Lazarus.
Traitors.
You dealt with them?
Yes, but one
escaped wounded.
I have men
watching the road.
He'll not make it
to Rome alive.
How can you be sure, hmm?
An act by one
is an act by all.
Go to their church
and execute whoever's left.
I will not have false rumors
spread to the steps of Rome.
Am I clear?
Yes, Your Majesty.
I would trust Gabriel
with my life.
Tancrede and I fought alongside
him in the Holy Land.
These are rumors!
The Leper Knights
of St. Lazarus were told
that De Nogaret visited
His Holiness before he died.
These are not rumors.
Pope Boniface was murdered
by the King.
Why would the King's men attack
the Knights of St. Lazarus
if not to silence them?
But Boniface was known
to have many enemies.
Ulric, Philip has attacked
holy warriors like us.
Are we just
going to stand here
and keep on talking
in circles?
As opposed
to using this as a chance
to kill your dead lover's
husband?
Yes, it's true,
Philip is my enemy, but he was
also once my friend.
But, Brothers, we must pick up
where the Lazarus Knights
left off.
We must deliver
a message to Rome
that the Pope
has been murdered.
You would have us
summon an army
against the King
over rumors?
I would
before the King comes for us.
We must protect ourselves!
Grandmaster, you must see
where this is headed.
Yes. Our downfall
should we follow you.
This isn't about
following me.
Brother Templars,
our duty is to the Pope.
We shall wait until the election
of a new one
and obey his instructions.
And in the meantime, we'll send
word of the Pope's death
to the other Templars.
Leave me.
Gabriel.
It's good to see you again,
old friend.
Much has changed
in the five years
since our paths
last crossed.
Even more in the 20
since we've known each other.
Have your brothers
discussed my tidings?
We have.
Gabriel, we will not
ride to Rome
or anywhere
against the King.
Then I will alert
the Curia myself.
20 years ago, the Templars
were men of action.
Have you no sway as Master
of the Paris Temple?
The Paris Temple has fallen
to the King,
and I am...
I'm no longer master
of any temple.
I sinned.
I serve Chartres now.
The King's men
that attacked us...
one of them was
a former Templar,
his leg fixed
in a brace.
I believe he used to ride
by your side.
Gawain.
How does a Holy Knight
fall so far
as to kill
his own brethren?
Rest tonight.
Tomorrow, Tancrede and I
will accompany you back
to your house.
Enjoying
my brother's company?
Margaret?
It's nothing.
Oh, come now,
dear sister.
Look at you.
You're suffering.
You needn't bear
such turmoil alone.
Let me help.
I said the same thing
to Louis last night.
After we tried,
he became distracted.
Oh.
Well, better that
he try and fail
than care not
to try at all.
If only it
were that simple.
Until I produce an heir,
I'm replaceable.
Trapped,
like your bird.
Trapped?
Don't be mistaken,
dear sister.
Romulus is far
from trapped.
Watch.
You worry
over your future,
but soon, you'll have
many children.
Thank you, Gautier.
You can live out your days
as a happy mother
while I, on the other hand,
will be shipped off
to England,
where my maternal destiny
lies in the codpiece
of a sodomite.
You exaggerate.
I do no such thing.
You will be
Queen of France,
and I will be Isabella,
Queen of the quagmires.
What are we going to do?
Whatever we must.
Hyah!
You know, lepers
were anointed by God
to suffer
in Christ's name.
That's why
it hurts so much?
It's why
we give them alms.
You're wrong.
Their curse
is God's punishment
for poisoning wells
and murdering children.
They bear
the mark of Cain.
What are you
so afraid of, Rhone?
You've been spouting your
novena prayer every day
so you don't die
an unnatural death.
Can't you just give them a big
old kiss, see, like this?
It's nothing
to jest about, Kelton.
My sister was killed
by a leper...
...when she
was 5 years old.
My father sent her
into the woods
to forage for berries.
That night, a leper
returned her to our home,
carrying her in his arms.
Hours later, a fever
took her, and she died.
Well, she died of fever,
not leprosy.
Seems hard
to blame the leper.
No, it doesn't.
It was the leper's fault.
They're diseased.
He snatched her
and made her sick,
and then when he was done
with her,
he returned her
to her family
so that we would have
to watch her die.
That monster should have died
for what he did to Lora.
They all should.
Well, I believe all men
are equal before God.
Well, they are not men,
Vasant.
They are monsters.
Who are soldiers
of Christ
and must be regarded as such.
Come, you are Templars now,
and there's a task I would have
your assistance with.
Make way. Move.
Tell them
what you told me.
White cloaks,
red crosses.
Templars.
They came to our home.
They killed my husband.
They took my baby
from my arms, my son,
and they slit
his throat!
Imagine the pain.
Your Majesty...
help me.
The Templars
will pay for this.
On my honor,
as your King,
they will suffer
as you have suffered.
All those who have suffered
at the hands of the Templars
will be compensated
with coin and bread!
Thank you, My Lord!
God bless Our King!
God bless King Philip!
They must burn in Hell,
and you alone are the one...
What?
It is you!
Prince!
Prince Louis!
You're the one who...
Shh! Shh!
I know.
And I am
my father's right hand.
And I promise you, the Templars
will be dealt with accordingly.
This poor woman is hysterical
due to unimaginable loss!
But I give you my word,
you will have
the King's justice.
And then
you shall have peace.
Shh, shh, shh.
I heard
you were escorting
our Lazarus Brother home.
Thought we might aid
in the endeavor.
Brothers Rhone, Kelton, Vasant
to ensure your safe passage.
Brothers.
Thank you, Brother Talus.
Hurry up!
Bless you.
Poor souls.
Those affected
come for our alms.
They stay because there's
nowhere else to go.
Bless you, Templar.
I'm blessed to be part
of the Brotherhood again.
Something that would never
have come to light
- without you, Brother.
- Glad to have you back.
But you never would have
been a Templar again
if you'd have died
fighting the Luciferians
as you'd intended.
Do not seek redemption
and then throw it away
when it is within arm's
reach, Brother.
I was lost,
disconnected.
Your daughter
would have been alone.
It was a mistake.
I'm guilty of many.
Well, you're not alone
in that.
A woman from my past has
come back into my life.
And with her, the feelings
I once held.
We were to be married,
live out our days
on a modest barley estate.
But God's led her
to become a nun,
and in doing so,
she showed me my own path
to a life
dedicated to God.
In quiet moments, I often
dream of a life with her,
the life
we walked away from.
But what I seek
is impossible.
It's an impossible
dream.
I too share that feeling
when I think about Eve.
You miss her?
With all my heart.
Well, I'm glad
to have you back, Brother,
if only to share
in my misery.
Thank you
for accompanying me.
It is I who should be thanking
you for your company.
And your ears.
And your warmth.
It's been
a most welcome gift.
You prefer it
to being called a shrew
on your wedding day?
You were very young.
I was very drunk.
You're very drunk now.
You're right to worry
about the future.
France is not always
kind to queens.
But my brother
loves you,
and he doesn't
love easily,
nor is it required
in marriage.
Trust me.
If he didn't love you,
I would know.
And I would tell you.
To sisters.
Do you see the leaves
dancing in the breeze?
Brothers, welcome
to the Church of St. Lazarus.
Thank you
for this meal, Gabriel.
A generous meal indeed.
Thank you
for escorting me here safely
so that I could enjoy it.
Brother Gabriel,
need you wear that mask
in your own house?
Yes, for your sake.
That's gracious of you.
Please, this is your home.
Fish?
Thank you.
If she
survived, so can we.
Welcome, Brother.
I didn't mean
to startle you.
Theophile.
The hymns.
They sounded very good.
I'm surprised.
We praise God
with clean hearts.
I suggest you learn
to do the same.
What are you doing?
Filling
our lamps with oil.
Believe it or not,
we do need illumination.
How do you live
amongst them
without catching
their affliction?
Can't catch
what I already have.
You're a...
Leper?
Afraid so.
And you're a Templar.
You're not very brave
for a Templar, are you?
We're sending
another messenger to Rome.
Hopefully
he can go unnoticed
as a simple leper beggar
and alert
the Papal Authority.
Gabriel.
How fare
your wife and son?
My wife
and my elder son, Victor,
still live
on my family lands.
Victor has grown strong,
handsome,
and even taller
than me now.
Impossible.
You have a family?
I acquired this
wretched disease,
but rather than hide away
and risk infecting them,
I joined the Order
of St. Lazarus,
seeking a purpose.
They still visit?
It's the happiest day
of my year.
But I can see my absence
has taken its toll.
I am becoming
a distant memory.
Just as my flesh
is withering away,
so, too, is my son's memory
of his father.
Is there no way
you can be together?
That would require
a miracle.
And until that happens...
my desires...
Are impossible.
God forgive me.
God forgive us all.
My father demands
so many things from me.
Terrible things.
You couldn't imagine
the pressure.
Like the... the weight
of every stone in our kingdom
has been laid atop my chest.
The burden is...
is unrelenting.
I cannot move.
I cannot breathe beneath it.
And if I cannot move,
how... how can I serve him, hmm?
Or make him proud,
or give him the heir
he so desperately desires?
And how would an heir
ease his mind?
His... his hatred for my mother
consumes him.
Every day I fail to become
a father, I fail my own.
If I can't sire a child,
then we may as well
all be burned alive.
I've tried everything.
I thought the blood would work,
but it hasn't.
Nothing has.
What remains
of your child.
There is no greater pain
than that of a child being
separated from his mother.
I took him from you.
You are reunited.
I only wish I could be reunited
with my mother, too.
You miss your child.
Yes.
I know
that she's better off,
but being away
from her...
It lays on your soul.
No child is better off
without its father.
But I'm a Templar.
And yet you are a father,
as well.
You cannot
undo your past.
You can only learn
from it.
I cannot associate with her
for her sake.
And mine.
I will be banished again.
No. The man that was banished
no longer exists.
Landry,
you have been reborn.
You're her father.
You're all she has
in this world.
Protect her.
Brother at the door!
- No!
- Royal guards!
Aah!
Come on!
Shut the door!
Brace the doors!
What is it?
Gawain.
Alain, get rid of this door.
Right away, sir!
Bring in the ram!
Knights of Saint Lazarus!
For your attempt to raise arms
against King Philip,
you are now declared
enemies of France!
Along with everyone you harbor!
Including the Knights Templar!
Thank you
for saving my life.
Did you think I wouldn't
because I'm an evil,
heartless leper witch?
No, of course not.
I didn't think you would
because I was an ass.
Are those
all your weapons?
We're not accustomed
to spilling blood
in a house of Christ.
Be grateful
we have this many.
We should bring
the fight to them.
Instead of waiting
for the inevitable.
I count 20 men on this wall.
That's 50 total.
They'll slaughter us one by one
with archers trained
on the door.
We'd be fools.
Unless they want us
alive.
I'll give my life
before I'll be taken prisoner.
Never again.
Gabriel.
I'm sorry, Landry,
for all of this.
I never should have
involved the Templars.
We've always fought
side by side.
Tonight we'll die
It won't come to that.
You've seen how many men
there are.
We've no way out.
God will provide us
with a way.
He always does.
- Take cover!
- Shields!
Shields!
Landry!
Put it out!
Sand, quickly!
Gabriel!
God has provided us
with an answer!
Harder!
Move. Move.
Again!
Stop!
Swords!
Ugh!
Gawain!
Forgive me
for how I reacted before.
Of course.
You know you can tell me
anything.
I know, and I will.
From now on.
What's happened to you?
I'm no longer burdened
by troubled thoughts.
You have
a clean heart, Rhone.
Where will you go now?
To our Grandmaster in Boigny.
Thank you
for standing with us.
We will always
answer your call, Brother.
As we will answer yours.
Time to say goodbye.
I was saying goodbye.
Not to her, half-wit.
To me.
Where are you going?
To alert
the other temples.
We must prepare.
Last night was
only the beginning.
A storm is gathering, and I plan
to be ready before it breaks.
We are at war.
We must return
to Chartres at once.
No. Vasant, Kelton,
and Rhone will go.
You go see your daughter
before King Philip removes
the chance from your hands.
I'll take you where
you need to go, Brother.
Farewell, my Brothers.
You're Templars now.
I expect you to act with swift
justice and kill the same.
Something wrong,
my dear?
Absolutely nothing.
What is the meaning
of this?
What's happened?
Landry.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org